
# Meeting agenda
- Date: 07-03-2023
- Group number: 65
- Chairman: Lia Petrova
- Minute taker: Andreas Shiamishis


## Agenda Items
| Time   | Subject        | Points                                                                                                                 |
|--------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2 min  | Opening        | - Has everybody seen the agenda <br> - Any questions/additions in regards to the agenda                                |
| 5 min  | Backlog        | - Feedback on the last version <br> - How strictly should we follow the order?                                         |
| 15 min | Organization   | - How can we better organize and prioritize the issues? <br> - (Brief) distribution of tasks <br> - Good GIT practices |
| 5 min  | Product        | - What has everyone achieved/ planned to do in terms of code the past week?                                            |
| 6 min  | Tips and Tops  | - What was one thing everyone did well and one thing that can be improved?                                             |
| 2 min  | On track?      | - How far with the code should we be by next week?                                                                     |
| 5 min  | Feedback round | - What went well during the meeting? <br> - What can be improved?                                                      |
| ~5 min | Question round | - Anything to add before the meeting ends?                                                                             |
| 1 min  | Closure        |          