<h1>Meeting agenda</h1>
<ul>
<li>Date: 04-04-2023</li>
<li>Group number: 65</li>
<li>Chair: Sare Öztürk</li>
<li>Minute taker: Lia Petrova</li>
</ul>

| Time          | Subject           | Points                                                                                                             |
|---------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 14:15 - 14:16 | Opening           | Has everyone seen the agenda? <br> Are there questions, or does anyone have anything to add to it? <br> Snacks? :P |
| 14:16 - 14:18 | Previous sprint   | What did everyone get done this week?                                                                              |
| 14:18 - 14:22 | Code Contribution | How do the code contributions look now? <br> Are there any improvements compared to last week?                     |
| 14:22 - 14:30 | Product demo      | Quick demo to show how the application is looking thus far                                                         |
| 14:30 - 14:35 | Question round    | Any last additions/questions?                                                                                      |
| 14:35 - 14:38 | Feedback          | Any other feedback?                                                                                                |
| 14:40         | Closure           |                                                                                                                    |
