# **Code of Conduct (ENG)**

**Team name:**

65 Merge Conflicts

**App name:**

Talio

**Shared team values:**

1. Efficient communication

2. Respectful behaviour

3. Open to feedback / improvements

4. Doing your best

**Assignment description:**

Showing that we can work in a team within the context of working on a software project implementing the feature list
provided by the "client". Being able to distribute work in a fair way. Sharing a common goal and working towards
achieving it.

**Target or ambition level:**

Grade: 8,5

**Products:**

Besides Gitlab and Mattermost, we will be using discord as a main hub for internally sharing files and links within the
team. The shared files must be relevant and useful. The submitted final work should be approved by all team members and
it must abide by the code of conduct. We are going to implement a task management application, coded in Java, using the
following tools: Git, Gradle, IntelliJ (preferably Ultimate, with the following plug-ins: Rainbow Brackets, Checkstyle,
JPA Buddy), Spring Boot, Scene builder with JavaFX, Postman. The team is going to aim for good code quality, including
complying with the Checkstyle rules (as agreed upon and shared at the beginning of the development process), having
concise and readable methods and being as user-friendly as possible.

**Planning:**

Devise a weekly to-do list, in accordance with the official deadlines. Apart from that, every Friday we are going to
expect an update on everyone's process, so that if a member is falling behind on their scheduled tasks, they could
receive help during the weekend and before the next meeting with the TA. Distribute tasks within team members.
Considering that everyone should agree on the content by the time of the submission, we are going to choose who has a
final saying for the project at that time by availability. As far as project management goes, we will do Scrum, adapted
to the schedule of our course, with sprints of 1 week, the increment being represented by a commit on the main branch (
when it is marked as "done" as well, after being submitted and reviewed by at least 2 other team members), and the "
daily scrum" represented by bi-weekly updates on everyone's progress on their tasks.

**Behavior:**

We will treat each other as equals. If something goes wrong, we do not assume that it was on purpose, but rather
consider that everyone shares a common goal and should find ways to compromise and reach consensus. The TA should not be
involved in any kind of disagreement, unless there is a serious code of conduct violations. As far as group meetings go,
being more than 5 minutes late without letting the others know, is equivalent to being absent. Otherwise, one should
announce 30 minutes in advance that he cannot participate. Not being done by a deadline should come with prior notice to
the team, not to drag the team behind. Whenever an MR requires reviewing the `Assignee` is expected to request this in
the group from the assigned `Reviewers`, after being notified the `Reviewers` are expected/required to do so within 24
hours. Failing to meet this deadline should be treated the same as any other deadline.

**Communication:**

We will be using WhatsApp and a Discord server, alongside extra meetings. In the Discord server we have separate
channels for discussing weekly updates, task distribution and file sharing.

**Commitment:**

We are going to compare the completed tasks with all the planned tasks for the week and the overall progress as a part
of the whole project. The minute takers should keep track of all the important updates for the week, as well as the
remarks and advice made by the TA. The chairs should have the agenda prepared in advance, share it with the others and
the TA, and guide the meeting in accordance with it.

**Division of tasks and roles:**

Everyone gets to be each role once, later deciding upon the organization for the last meeting. The to-do list will be
split by preference and experience.

**Meetings:**

We will meet at least once week for the compulsory TA meeting, with further meetings being held when needed. We are also
going to communicate in the group chat to keep track of each other's progress. Everyone should be aware of the
contents/purpose of the meeting, with further preparation done by the chairperson.

**Decision-making:**

We strive for a consensus, but if it cannot be reached, a majority vote would take place.

**Dealing with conflicts:**

Listen patiently to both sides with the purpose of understanding and not replying, then make an informed decision,
trying to reach a consensus. If that seems impossible, the problem should be discussed in a meeting and be voted upon.
As a last resort, we would report the issue to the TA.

**Guidance:**

We expect guidance from the teacher on the content and on making it clear what is expected of us, with further
clarifications from the TA on the collaboration process and our progress.

**Consequences:**

The consequences depend on the part of the agreement that was not kept. If a more serious offence was done and we as a
team were unable to resolve the conflict, the TA would be informed. If one misses a meeting, apart from apologizing to
the team, they should bring snacks as compensation. Three missed deadlines would imply that the team would initiate a
talk for a more severe punishment with the TA.

**Success factors:**

Will to achieve our goals and make friends along the way.

**Norms or evaluation criteria:**

- Keeps deadlines

- Open for improvement

- Take the initiative

- Be punctual

- Write good code

Â© ITAV 2022
