# Meeting Minutes W7

- **Location**: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1
- **Date**: 28-03-2023
- **Time**: 14:45
- **Attendees**: Sare Öztürk, Lia Petrova, Andreas Shiamishis, Thomas van Weert, Cosmin Vasilescu

## Approval of the agenda

Additions to the agenda

- Teamwork Self Reflection
- Product Pitch
- Technology Grading

## Snacks

- Sare: Kinder Chocolate
- Andreas: Milka Chocolate

## Feedback on Heuristics

- Add images/screenshots/mocks
- Prioritise problems
- Experts should inidivually check (3 times)
- Rever back to the Teamwork Module
- Good description, but missing heuristic (what's wrong and how could it be better)
- Word count limit 2700

## Sprint

- **Andreas**: Create new board + description date (work in progress)
- **Lia**: Pop-up window editing card
- **Cosmin**: Board management page
- **Sare**: Add/remove tasks
- **Thomas**: Join a board

## Progress & Demo

The demo was approved by the TA and we are mostly on track

- multi-user need to be prioritised
- work on tags/customisation
- better a good feature rather than many

State of the project:

- Thomas / Cosmin 1 issue a week
- Lia 1 to 2 issues a week
- Andreas / Sare try to catch up, priority is on them

## Product Pitch

Do not have to have the video on the draft, just the script

- Teamwork pdf on serfdrive
- Check the website

## Technology Rubric

- Not finished yet, will be completed soon
- There will be a rubric about testing, fill in if possible (as is, no changes to score higher)

## Next weeks meeting

- only 20 min, not a strict meeting
- chair: Sare
- minute taker: Lia
- Check if everybody is on track & the demo