# Agenda for the team meeting

Location: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1

Date: 28.02.2023

Time: 14:45

Attendees: Sare Öztürk, David Maasdam, Lia Petrova, Andreas Shiamishis, Thomas van Weert, Cosmin Vasilescu

**Opening by Chairperson**

Opening and checkup

**Announcements**

No

**Approval of the agenda**

Added points

**Approve minutes of prior meeting**

Everyone got the repo cloned

**[Technical prerequisites]**

- Have the server working by the next week


**[Backlog feedback]**
- not use Must / Should / Could : rather use epics and user stories (epic = part of app which includes some user stories)
-- epic minimal map
-- epic keyboard e.g.
group by epics (with desc) in order of importance, each with features (in order of importance)
- develop user stories (double the length => more atomic, to make an issue out of it (additionally add acceptance criteria, to know when ready to merge))
- what is "create" ~ when is it done?
- ideally finish by tomorrow night for some feedback

**[Mocks purpose]**
- e.g. use lucid chart
- rough UI elements ~ color palette
- optional, but useful idea to have them

**[Preparations for issue development]**
- have clearer points before starting code development next week

**[Extra clarifications]**
- be flexible with structure to be able to adapt to model backlog
- use issue / feature branches
- make sure to merge admin to main before each deadline
- MRs for feature - related / code reviews, not admin stuff
- work on the same issue branch if you work with multiple teammates, not individual branches!

**Summary of action points**

| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| -----------  | ----------- | ------------|
| Revise backlog (add epics) | Everyone       | Hopefully,28.02 - ultimately 03.03 |
| Create mocks + UI elements (looks + interaction) => use either Lucid chart or paper| David, Lia, Sare       | 03.03|
| App structure (directory structure + ER model for the data used)| Thomas, Andreas, Cosmin       | 03.03|

**Feedback round**
- good discussion and participation
- add standup (updates on previous sprint) : everyone says what they did and what they could improve

**Any questions?**

- main vs master branch => regularly sync local and remote main

**Closing**



