<h2>Meeting minutes<br>
Location: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1<br>
Date: 07/03/2022<br>
Time: 14:45<br>
Attendees: Sare Öztürk, David Maasdam, Lia Petrova, Andreas Shiamishis, Thomas van Weert, Cosmin Vasilescu <br></h2>

<h3><b>Opening by Chairperson:</b><br>
•	Opening and checkup<br>

Approval of the agenda:<br>
Everyone approved of the agenda<br>
No added points<br>

<b>Feedback on Backlog:</b><br>
•	Ordering is good<br>
•	User stories and acceptance criteria are good<br>
•	Descriptions of epics should have been better<br>
•	Minimal functioning app and keyboard shortcuts (more specifically what it should be about)<br>
•	Mocks are good<br>
•	Have the official one as a reference but prefer using ours<br>
•	Everything should be implemented in order<br>

<b>Organization:</b><br>
Feedback on issues:<br>
•	Every epic should be a milestone to set deadline<br>
•	Milestones should be sprints<br>
•	Multiple milestones per sprints are possible<br>
•	Weights should not be for priority<br>
•	Issues already created are good<br>
•	Linked items for priority<br>
•	All merge requests should have an assignee<br>

<b>GIT practices:</b><br>
•	Epics should be done in order<br>
•	Use blocking to keep everyone on the same level<br>
•	Tasks to reduce epics to smaller parts<br>
•	Weights should represent difficulty of a task<br>
•	Labels for merge requests<br>
•	Reviewers and milestones should be stated in the merge request<br>
•	Comments should be assigned to specific lines of the code<br>
•	Merge to main before the meeting<br>

<b>Stand up meeting:</b><br>
Everyone stated their achieved tasks on the previous week, briefly described their goals for the next sprint<br>

<b>Feedback</b><br> 
	Stand up meeting: <br>
•	Should not be in depth<br>
•	Everyone should do at least one review<br>
•	Everyone reflects on their weekly activities and what they expect to do for the next week<br>

<b>Done by next meeting (21/03/2023):</b><br>
•	Minimal app functionality<br> </h3>


