# Agenda for the team meeting

Location: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1

Date: 21.02.

Time: 14. 45

Attendees: Sare Öztürk, David Maasdam, Lia Petrova, Andreas Shiamishis, Thomas van
Weert, Cosmin Vasilescu

**Opening by Chairperson**

Introducing the agenda and recap.

**Announcements**

**..**

**Approval of the agenda**

Agenda is approved- no additions.

**Approve minutes of prior meeting**

**[Feedback on CoC] - [purpose of agenda item].**

Improvements needed on:

- Behavioural consequences: exact consequences (ex. Missing a meeting without prior
    notice has a consequence of bringing snacks to the whole team)
- Dealing with conflict: planned out process (ex. Consensus => team meeting => TA)
- Product & Planning: more exact/precise wording (tools used. Include terminology)
- Revisit success factors
- Remove the questions

CoC is not graded, just pass or fail and should be added to the repository by Friday.

**[Concluding CoC]**

Team name is concluded to be 65 Merge Conflicts.

Consensus on using Scrum every Tuesday and Friday.

_Concluding when the task is “Done”._

Development iteration period is concluded to be weekly.

Autoformatting in IntelliJ + Checkstyle to ensure same formatting within the group.

- _Using Google’s Checkstyle_ as a baseline
- Enforcing writing Javadoc in public and protected methods
- Method length restriction to 50 lines (could be modified)


- Parameter number restriction to 6
- Cyclomatic complexity being set to 6
- Removing unused imports

**[Developing Backlog]**

Template from the past year was checked _by everyone, thus wasn’t looked at again_.

_Must/Should/Could/Won’t requirements are discussed._ Each member provided a bullet point
for either list.

P.S. _(Won’t requir_ ements include (specific) things that the client does not want- either a
method or functionality).

**[Client Q&A]**

Overview of boards- including the contents or not?

**Feedback round**

Feedback on agenda:

- Opening and closing should be included in the agenda
- Agenda items should have time slots
- _This week’s_ was well in that it was in-depth
- More time should be allocated to work and feedback

**Any questions?**

No questions.

Every document should be uploaded on git as soon as it is up.

**Closing**



