# Meeting Minutes W8

- **Location**: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1
- **Date**: 04-04-2023
- **Time**: 14:15
- **Attendees**: Sare Öztürk, Lia Petrova, Andreas Shiamishis, Thomas van Weert, Cosmin Vasilescu

## Opening by chairperson
- Opening and checkup

## Approval of the agenda

- Agenda is approved, no additions

## Sprint

- **Andreas**: Created the admin mode and worked on customization of the board
- **Lia**: Refactoring and worked on tag creation
- **Cosmin**: Testing and refactoring
- **Sare**: Add/remove/update tasks
- **Thomas**: Got multi-user done, worked on the report

## Progress & Demo

The demo was approved by the TA, mostly on track

- long-polling was good
- work on tags/customisation
- better a good feature rather than many

Code contribution and product state:

- People with warnings should work as much as possible, <br> people with much code should help
- Work on features in order of priority
- We could get sufficient on card details and excellent on multi-board

## Product Pitch Feedback

- Thomas did not show up
- Sare was talking too little
- Video was too long
- Everyone should show in the video

## Next week's meeting

- Short meeting, no minute-taker or chairperson